[DOC-460] Add SW example to understand usecase for sink, source, table and window [master] (#535)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/cep/tutorials/create-stream-app.md

</tbody>
</table>

## Source, Sink, Table and Window: Understanding with the help of a Stream Worker example

> In the application below, a Macrometa document based collection plays role of `source` to our SW IntrusionDetectionSystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the application below, a Macrometa document-based collection plays role of `source` to our SW IntrusionDetectionSystem.
```

> In the application below, a Macrometa document based collection plays role of `source` to our SW IntrusionDetectionSystem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following application, a Macrometa document-based collection plays role of `source` to our SW IntrusionDetectionSystem.
```

Consider InboundTrafficData as an audit collection where client IPs are added as they make requests to the server.
As a new record is added, an event is emitted by collection streams associated with this collection. This event is consumed by the `source` InboundTraffic.

> Now it is quite possible that your application, `IntrusionDetectionSystem` may get burst of events having the same IP, and you need to gauge  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is quite possible that your application, `IntrusionDetectionSystem`, might get burst of events having the same IP, and you need to gauge  
```

> Now it is quite possible that your application, `IntrusionDetectionSystem` may get burst of events having the same IP, and you need to gauge  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your application, `IntrusionDetectionSystem`, might get burst of events from IP, and you need to gauge this traffic. For example, 50 requests in a couple of seconds from the same IP can be considered suspicious traffic.
```

> this traffic in some way. Maybe 50 requests in a couple of seconds from the same IP can be considered suspicious traffic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Moved content to previous line

Windows store events as and when they arrive and automatically expire/clean them based on the given window constraint.

> In our IntrusionDetectionSystem application, we have associated a `sliding window` of 2 seconds on incoming events. The window will hold all the events that appear

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our IntrusionDetectionSystem application, we have associated a `sliding window` of two seconds on incoming events. The window will hold all the events that appear
```

> within 2 seconds. Further Stream QL is grouping all the events by IP and if the count on any of these groups is more than 50, i.e., more than 50 events occurred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within two seconds. Further Stream QL is grouping all the events by IP and if the count on any of these groups is more than 50, i.e., more than 50 events occurred
```

> from the same IP within 2 seconds, we can assume this is suspicious traffic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the same IP within two seconds, then we can assume this is suspicious traffic. 
```

> In addition to the window, we have reference data for our application, i.e., `Table`.  A table is a stored collection of events, and its schema is defined via the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the window, we have a `Table` which serves reference data for our application.  A table is a stored collection of events, and its schema is defined via the table definition. Unlike `stream`, `table` is stateful and supports interactive queries for the state of the stored events. In our case `SuspiciousIPTable` stores pre-defined suspicious IPs which we are using to verify if it matches IPs in suspicious traffic.
```

Is it correct to say that a table "serves" reference data?  Or should we rephrase this?

> table definition. Unlike `stream`, `table` is stateful and supports interactive queries for the state of the stored events. In our case `SuspiciousIPTable` stores

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Moved content to previous line

> pre-defined suspicious IPs which we are using to verify if it matches IPs in suspicious traffic. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Moved content to previous line

> If they match, we raise an alarm by adding a event to a `sink`. Sink is an abstraction for an egress event, which serves as an output for the Stream Worker application,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If they match, then we raise an alarm by adding an event to a `sink`. Sink is an abstraction for an egress event, which serves as an output for the stream worker,
```

> convert them to various data formats, and publish them to a stream or external endpoints like HTTP/REST ,database, log, JMS, email or as in this case, a Macrometa stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
convert them to various data formats, and publish them to a stream or external endpoints like HTTP/REST ,database, log, JMS, email, or as in this case, a Macrometa stream.
```

@App:qlVersion('2')

/**
The source stream InboundTraffic is proving ip hits in a server
if the same ip is hitting more than 50 times within 2 seconds, consider it as suspicious trffic
add raise an alarm if same IP matches in our SuspiciousIPTable.

Testing the Stream Application:

    1. Create the collection `InboundTrafficData` of type document;
    
    2. Create a Table SuspiciousIPTable with entries for suspicious IPs 
    
    3. Run the stream app;

    4. Check the sink stream `Alarm` . The data should be available here.

*/

-- Event stores
CREATE SOURCE InboundTraffic WITH (type = 'database', collection = "InboundTrafficData", collection.type="doc" , replication.type="global", map.type='json') (ip string);

CREATE TABLE  SuspiciousIPTable (blocked_ip string);

CREATE SINK STREAM Alarm (ip string, requestCount long , incidentTime long);

INSERT INTO Alarm
SELECT ip, count(ip) as requestCount, currentTimeMillis() as incidentTime
FROM InboundTraffic WINDOW SLIDING_TIME(2 sec) as IT
JOIN SuspiciousIPTable as SIP
ON  IT.ip == SIP.blocked_ip
group by ip
having requestCount > 50 ;
```

> 

Reviewer: Only one empty line between the example and the next heading.
